feat: Add MCP parser plugin and body access infrastructure (#361)
kagenti/kagenti-extensions: authbridge/demos/mcp-parser/README.md

# MCP Parser Plugin Demo

This guide shows how to enable the `mcp-parser` plugin so AuthBridge
parses MCP JSON-RPC requests and logs tool calls, resource reads, and
prompt invocations.

## Prerequisites

- A running Kagenti cluster (Kind or OpenShift) with the Ansible installer

>   completed

Reviewer: Does it matter what kind of Kubernetes cluster, and how Kagenti was installed?

> - An agent namespace (e.g., `team1`) with AuthBridge sidecars injected

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  completed
- A namespace (e.g., `team1`) with labeled with `kagenti-enabled: "true"` for AuthBridge sidecar injection.
```
